歌手     Eminem
曲目     The Kids
歌手照片 http://img4.kuwo.cn/star/starheads/240/53/90/1232485527.jpg
专辑     e
专辑封面 http://img4.kuwo.cn/star/albumcover/120/17/38/99006382.jpg
下载链接 http://music.baidu.com/song/1197927/download?__o=%2Fsong%2F1197927
Eminem- The Kids

And everyone should get along..

Okay children quiet down, quiet down

Children I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day

His name is Mr. Shady

Children quiet down please

Brian don't throw that (Shut UP!)

Mr. Shady will be your new substitute

while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (He's got AIDS!)

Good luck Mr. Shady

Hi there little boys and girls (Fuck you!)

Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels

But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)

Say hi Bob! ("Hi Bob") Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom

and he don't got a job, cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot

but his twelve-year old brother looks up to him an awful lot

And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot

and wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock

when it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog

Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (AHH!)

And even if they escaped and they got the cops

the ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge

'til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job

when she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk

But Stacey knew it was Bob and said knock it off

But Bob wouldn't knock it off cause he's crazy and off his rocker

Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka

You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a "Dr."

He grabbed S tace' by the legs as chopped it off her

and dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her

But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander

they never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner

And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana,

and what it might do to you

So see if the squirrels want any - it's bad for you

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)

and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)

and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)

She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)

So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)

Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)

Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?

FUCK NO you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?)

Speakin of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?

Ecstasy is the worst drug in the world

If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it

Kids two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid

and spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back

So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back

Meet Zach, twenty-one years old

After hangin out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold

and decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys

and peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it

Suddenly, he starts to convulse and his pulse goes into hyperdrive

and his eyes roll back in his skull {blblblblblb}

His back starts tah - look like the McDonald's Arches

He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal barfin {BLEH}

And everyone in the apartment starts laughin at him

"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!"

cause they took it too, so they think it's funny

So they're laughing at basically nothing except maybe wasting his money

Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over

and his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin yoga

And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac

So don't even feed that to squirrels class, cause it's bad for you

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)

and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)

and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)

She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)

So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)

Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)

Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

And last but not least, one of the most humungous

problems among young people today, is fungus

It grows from cow manure, they pick it out, wipe it off,

bag it up, and you put it right in your mouth and chew it

Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff

And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em..

And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?)

Like fat woman in G-strings with orange hair

(Mr. Shady what's a G-string?) It's yarn Claire

Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)

And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms

Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms?

I meant fungus Ya tongue gets, all swoll up like a cow's tongue (How come?)

cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!!)

See drugs are bad, it's a common fact

But your mom and dad, know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)

But don't be me, cause if you grow up and you go and O.D.

They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee

and get a disguise and hide, cause it'll be my fault

See children, drugs are bahhhd (c'mon)

cause I'm bad for you

and if you don't believe me, ask ya dahhhd (ask him man)

and if you don't believe him, ask ya mom (that's right)

She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (she will)

So kids say no to drugs (that's right)

So you don't act like everyone else does (uh-huh)

Then there's really nothin else to say (sing along)

Drugs are just bad, mmm'kay?

Come on children, clap along (Shut UP!)

Sing along children (Suck my motherfuckin dick!)

Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)

So don't do drugs (Suck my motherfuckin penis!)

so there'll be more for me (Hippie! God damnit!)

(Mushrooms killed Kenny! fart Ewww, ahhh!)

(So, fucked up, right now..)

QQ:397994570

编辑:猴子

