歌手     Eminem
曲目     Outro
歌手照片 http://img1.kuwo.cn/star/starheads/240/53/90/1232485527.jpg
专辑     未知专辑
专辑封面 未知
下载链接 http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=1547466075&uk=2234699871
歌词编辑：MC明哲

Eminem: Verse 1

(Gun loading)

Nah (nah).....we ain't done

I love being hated, it's great it, let's me know that I made it

I wouldn't have it no other way, I wouldn't trade it for the world

Only lets me know that i'm loved by so many other mother fuckers

That hate you in this buzz, cos you keep fuckin wit us, we keep fuckin you up

And keep pulling the rug from up under you, and what's even more fucked up

Is we enjoy doing what were doing so much

There ain't nothing that we love more than pulling your skirts up

And exposin you hoes so much people are starting to wonder

Whats up with the fuckin "Wonder Woman" underalls

Do onto others as you will have done onto you

So who the fuck you mothafuckas gonna run to

When someone runs up wit a mask and puts a gun to you (Gun cocking)

You will ask yourself how come your mans didn't empty the last round that he had

In "Curtis Jackson's" ass while he had the chance

You keep asking us to keep it on wax, but we can't

This is past any rationalization

We have captured national media attention

Conversation is senseless you can sense the tension

Start building soon as we enter the "106 and Park" building

Someone's gonna get killed and I swear to god if someone so much as even

Touches one of my people i'll put a million on his head

And you ain't got the funds to match or counteract it

But I rather rap than get into this gangsta shit

And it aint because I'm a bitch it's cuz I aint a bitch

I don't endanger people that I'm with, I'm a general

I aint "Bush" I don't send my soldiers to war if I ain't there

In the middle of this shit with em, so when I do get em

Orders to storm your headquarters, you be fuckin with a...

...A beat keeper, so you ain't eager to greet this lyrical meat cleaver

That'll eat ya, Niggas wanna keep speaking, Like it ain't even that deep.

I got heat that'll sweep a niggas streets, so ya wouldn't fuck with me neither

Only heaven can help ya, I be searching for ya longer than "The Legend of Zelda" (Ha!)

Without a failure, it's gonna be hell to tell the

Captain that a Basset Hound couldn't even smell ya.

Body wanna hide ya, I'll be on that mob shit,

You another hopper under the Renaissance bitch

You get bombed like Lebanon with (*explosion*)

On tactic, I'll snatch your head like one Saddamn's men

Mathafucka I'll handle you, we can have it out on any avenue

An "Average Man", flipped into an animal

Shoot out ya mandibles, cannons and ammunition reload

With precision nigga know the mechanicals

Break the Pistol down you should see them handles

The streets taught the child no read up manuals

Pushing crack valves, young "Nino Brown"

Chasing green is the dream when you're young and brown.

Bound to be a problem child, look what I'm involved in now

A "Dozen Dirty" niggaz and they all get down

I'll solve any problem that enlarge when I was with revolvers used to laugh "bring me down" (Gunshot) C'mon!

While you punching' and tackling' punks

I'm handling' chumps, packing' the pump

That's longer than the elephant's trunk.

On the streets I'm "the beast", I'll feast

Upon the weak, so speak "beef"

I'll shoot you and scream "Increase the peace!" (*explosion*)

The monster, pistol packing', pushing' niggaz off they "Hondas"

Stomp ya, get it cracking' yanking' bitches for they Ganja

Sneaky as fuck, I don't think mamma beat me enough

When she was sleeping and stuff

I was stealing the keys to the truck

Shut the fuck up! Before you end up dead in the dump truck

Or in the streets taking a nap bleeding and locked up

You want what? Like "M Bleak" with this Heat

If your ten deep, then fuck it'll be ten asleep (*gunshots*)

Don't mess with my alasnke, don't tussle with my aspe

Clutch your burner, bust it and watch your man bleed (Gunshot)

We ferocious, toast don't host us

Approach us, through heat straight from the shoulders

We the soldiers, ya the youngster's

Youngsta's among, aren't ya dead in the dumpsta

Say to the monsta head full of drama

You scared of the trauma vomit to monsta

(Woof!) I'm back nigga, (Poof!) I reappear

Shoot like (*boom*) you ain't seeing clear

Blackness, carcass, cover with catfish

We murkers with no purpose other than practice

There are three things I hate: liars, fakes, and cheaters;

Alcoholics, sluts, and fuckin wife beaters

I guess that describes my life,

I don't even know whose song this is? (*Obie Trice*)

Bitch, Bizarre don't give a fuck about no hip-hop

At my release party in a pink tank top and Reebok's

This "Ja Rule" beef im not getting in, I need an R&B singer to sing at my wedding (Say Yeah!)

I'll turn your face into a fuckin' meat patty

I'll fuck yo mommy and go fishing with yo granny

I'll shit on you; I'll pee on R. Kelly too,

This is Bizarre see you "Devils Night 2".

This is Bizarre see you "Devils Night 2".

