歌手     Eminem
曲目     WHEN I‘M GONE
歌手照片 http://img3.kuwo.cn/star/starheads/240/53/90/1232485527.jpg
专辑     When I&#039;M Gone
专辑封面 http://a.hiphotos.baidu.com/ting/pic/item/63d9f2d3572c11df0341f600612762d0f703c205.jpg
下载链接 http://music.baidu.com/song/10298088/download?__o=%2Fsong%2F10298088
yeah

it's my life

but all in words i guess

have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for?

not the expression, no, literally give an arm for?

when they know they are your heart

and you know you are their armour

and you will destroy anyone who will try to harm her

but what happens when karma turns right around and bites you

and everything you stand for turns on you to spite you

what happens when you become the main source of a pain

daddy look what I made? 

Dad's gotta go catch a plane 

Daddy where's mummy?I can't find mummy, where is she?

I don't know, go play, hailie baby your daddy's busy.

Daddy's writing this song, this song ain't going write itself

I give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself

Then to write a rhyme in a song and tell her you love her

And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her

That's slim shady, yeah baby slim shady's crazy

Shady make me, but tonight, shady's rock-a-by baby

And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m looking down on you smiling

And I didn’t feel a thing 

so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m looking down on you smiling

And I didn’t feel a thing 

So baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

I keep having this dream - 

I’m pushing Hailie on the swing she keeps screaming

She don’t want me to sing, 

You’re makin mommy cry, why, why is mommy crying?

Baby, Daddy ain’t leaving no more

Daddy you're lying,

You always say that, you always say this is the last time,

but you ain’t leavin no more, Daddy you’re mine!

She’s piling boxes in front of the door trying to block it,

Daddy please daddy, don’t leave daddy no, stop it!

Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket,

it’s got a picture,

This’ll keep you safe daddy, take it watch her!

I look up, it’s just me standin in the mirror, 

these "fucking" walls must be talkin cuz man I can hear them.

They're sayin you got one more chance to do right,

 and it’s tonight,

Now go out there and show them that 

you love them fore its too late

And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door 

You turn to a stage, they’re gone

And the spotlight is on and I’m singin…

And when I’m gone, just carry on don’t mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m looking down on you smiling

And I didn’t feel a thing 

so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m looking down on you smiling

And I didn’t feel a thing 

so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

Sixty thousand people, all jumping out their seat,

The curtain closes, they’re throwing roses at my feet,

I take a bow,and thank you all for coming out

They’re screamin so loud, I take one last look at the crowd,

I glance down, I don’t believe what I’m seeing

Daddy it’s me! Help mommy her wrists are bleeding!

But baby we’re in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden?!

I followed you daddy, you told me that you weren't leaving,

You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad,

And I bought you this coin,

It says 'number 1 dad', that’s all I wanted,

I just want to give you this coin,

I get the point, fine, me and mommy are going

But baby wait-

its too late dad, you made your choice. 

Now go out there and show them that you love them more than us,

That’s what they want,

They want you Marshal, they keep,

screamin your name, it’s no wonder you can’t go to sleep.

Just take another, pill, yeah I bet you, you will,

You rap about it. Yeah word, k-keep it real,

I hear applause, all this time I couldn’t see,

How could it be, that the curtain is closing on me,

I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it,

put it to my brain, scream ‘Die Shady!’ and pop it!

The sky darkens, my life flashes,

The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes 

and burns to ashes,

That’s when I wake up, alarm clock's ringing,

There’s birds singing, it’s spring and

Hailie’s outside swinging,

I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her,

Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, 

almost as if to say,

When I’m gone, just carry on don’t mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m looking down on you smiling,

And I didn’t feel a thing 

so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back.

And when I'm gone just carry on, don't mourn,

rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice,

Just know that I’m lookin’ down on you smiling

And I didn’t feel a thing 

so baby don’t feel no pain, just smile back!

---end---

歌词整理&同步:Jack QQ:125287385

