歌手     Eminem
曲目     Cleanin’ Out My Closet
歌手照片 http://img2.kuwo.cn/star/starheads/240/53/90/1232485527.jpg
专辑     The Eminem Show
专辑封面 http://b.hiphotos.baidu.com/ting/pic/item/71cf3bc79f3df8dc9369c4b3cf11728b471028bf.jpg
下载链接 http://music.baidu.com/song/1361598/download?__o=%2Fsong%2F1361598
Have you ever been hated

or discriminated against?

I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against.

Picket signs for my wicked rhymes.

Look at the times. Sick is the mind

of the motha fuckin' kid that's behind

all this commotion. Emotions run deep

as ocean's explodin.'

Tempers flaring from parents,

just blow 'em off and keep goin.'

Not takin' nothin' from no one,

give 'em hell long as I'm breathin.

Keep kickin' ass in the mornin,'

an' takin' names in the evening.

Leavem with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth.

See, they can trigger me

but they never figure me out.

Look at me now,

I bet ya probably sick of me now.

Ain't you mama,

I'ma make you look so ridiculous now.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

I got some skeletons in my closet

and I don't know if no one knows it.

So before they thrown

me inside my coffin and close it,

I'ma expose it. I'll take you back to

73 before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' CD.

I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months.

My faggot father must have

had his panties up in a bunch,

cuz he split.

I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye.

No, I don't on second thought,

I just fuckin' wished he would die.

I look at Hailie

and I couldn't picture leavin' her side.

Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I'd try

to make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake.

I maybe made some mistakes

but I'm only human.

But I'm man enough to face them today.

/What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb

but the smartest shit

I did was take them bullets out of that gun.

Cuz id'a killed 'em,

 shit I would have shot Kim an' him both.

It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

Now I would never dis my own mama just to get recognition.

Take a second to listen for you think this record is dissin,'

 But put yourself in my position.

 ust try to envision witnessin' your

Mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen,

bitchin' that someone's always g

oin' throuh her purse and shits missin.' Going through

 public housing systems, victim of Munchausen's syndrome.

My whole life I was made to believe

I was sick when I wasn't 'til I grew up,

 now I blew up. It makes you sick to ya stomach,

doesn't it?

Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?

So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?

But guess what,

yer gettin' older now and it's cold when your lonely.

An' Nathan's getting' up so quick,

he's gonna know that your phoney.

And Hailie's getting' so big now,

you should see her, she's beautiful.

But you'll never see her,

she won't even be at your funeral.

See what hurts me the most is you won't

admit you was wrong. Bitch, do ya song.

Keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom.

But how dare you

try to take what you didn't help me to get.

You selfish bitch,

I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit.

 Remember when

Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?

Well, guess what, I am dead.

 Dead to you as can be.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

I'm sorry, Mama.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry, but tonight

I'm cleanin' out my closet.

EMINEM-CLEANIN OUT MY CLOSET

EMINEM-CLEANIN OUT MY CLOSET

