歌手     Eminem
曲目     Sing For The Moment
歌手照片 http://img3.kuwo.cn/star/starheads/240/53/90/1232485527.jpg
专辑     Sing For The Moment
专辑封面 http://c.hiphotos.baidu.com/ting/pic/item/b3b7d0a20cf431ad446c97184936acaf2edd9851.jpg
下载链接 http://music.baidu.com/song/8019165/download?__o=%2Fsong%2F8019165
These ideas are nightmares for white parents

Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings

Like whatever they say has no bearing

It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing

To see him walkin' around wit his headphones blaring

Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care

He's a problem child, what bothers him all comes out

When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out

'Cuz he hates him so bad that he blocks him out

'Cuz he hates him so bad that he blocks him out

But if he ever saw him again, he'd prolly knock him out

His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back

Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap

He sags his pants, dew-rags and a stockin' cap

His stepfather hit him so he socked him back

And broke his nose, this house is a broken home

There's no control, he just lets his emotions go-

C`mon! Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing It!)

Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C`mon!)

Sing it with me, just for today

Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangstas

In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum

Only ya unholy, only have one homey

Only this gun, lonely, 'cuz don't anyone know me

But everybody just feels like they can relate

I guess words are a motherfucka, they can be great

Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate

It's like kids hang on every single statement we make

Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum

Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen?

From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'

To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass

But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you

Fans turn on you, attorneys all wanna turn at you

To get their hands on every dime you have

They want you to lose your mind every time you mad

So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon

Any dispute, don't hesitate to produce handguns

Thats why these prosecutors wanna convict me

Strictly just to get me offa these streets quickly

But all their kids been listen'n to me religiously

So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me

They're for the judge's daughter, but his grudge is against me

If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense B

It's all political, if my music is literal and I'm a criminal,

How the FUCK can I raise a little girl?

I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to

You're full of shit too, Guerrera, THAT WAS A FIST THAT HIT YOU!

C`mon! Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing It!)

Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C`mon!)

Sing it with me, just for today

Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

They say music can alter moods and talk to you

But can it load a gun for you and cock it too?

Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude

Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued

See what these kids do, is hear about us totin' pistols

And they wanna get one, 'cuz they think the shit's cool

Not knowin' we're really just protectin' ourselves

We entertainas, of course this shit's affectin' our sales

You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self

We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail

It's fucked up ain't it, how we can come from practically nothin'

To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted

That's why we sing for these kids that don't have a thing

Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine

Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long

Idolize their favorite rappers and know all they songs

Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives

So they sit and they cry at night, wishin they die

Till they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe

We're nothin' to you, but we the fuckin' shit in they eyes

That's why we sieze the moment, try to freeze it and own it

Squeeze it and hold it, 'cuz we consider these minutes golden

And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone

Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our songs

And we can-

C`mon! Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing It!)

Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C`mon!)

Sing it with me, just for today

Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

C`mon! Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing It!)

Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear (C`mon!)

Sing it with me, just for today

Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

